Clarifications re #147 and #151 (#161)
FamilySearch/GEDCOM: specification/gedcom-03-datamodel.md

  +1 <<SOURCE_CITATION>>                   {0:M}
```

> Names of individuals are represented in the manner the name is normally spoken, with the family name, surname, or nearest cultural parallel thereunto separated by slashes (U+002F `/`). Based on the dynamic nature or unknown compositions of naming conventions, it is difficult to provide a more detailed name piece structure to handle every case. The `PERSONAL_NAME_PIECES` are provided optionally for systems that cannot operate effectively with less structured information. The Personal Name payload shall be seen as the primary name representation, with name pieces as optional auxiliary information, meaning in particular that all name parts in `PERSONAL_NAME_PIECES` should appear within the `PersonalName` payload.

Author: ```suggestion
Names of individuals are represented in the manner the name is normally spoken, with the family name, surname, or nearest cultural parallel thereunto separated by slashes (U+002F `/`). Based on the dynamic nature or unknown compositions of naming conventions, it is difficult to provide a more detailed name piece structure to handle every case. The `PERSONAL_NAME_PIECES` are provided optionally for systems that cannot operate effectively with less structured information. The Personal Name payload shall be seen as the primary name representation, with name pieces as optional auxiliary information; in particular it is recommended that all name parts in `PERSONAL_NAME_PIECES` appear within the `PersonalName` payload in some form, possibly adjusted for gender-specific suffixes or the like.
```

> In some languages name pieces may be written in a different form on their own than they are in the `PersonalName` payload.

Reviewer: Unclear what line 1075 means given the statement in 1074 that all name parts should appear within the PersonalName payload.  Line 1076 is clear, but line 1075 is confusing since as worded it appears to contradict 1074.

> In some languages name pieces may be written in a different form on their own than they are in the `PersonalName` payload.

Author: ```suggestion
```
